clarify GKE Autopilot support (#29151)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/container_cost_allocation.md

1. Install the [**Datadog Agent**][102] in a Kubernetes environment and ensure that you enable the [**Orchestrator Explorer**][103] in your Agent configuration.
1. To enable GPU container cost allocation, install the [Datadog DCGM integration][104].

> **Note**: [GKE Autopilot][105] is only supported as an agentless kubernetes experience subject to [limitations](#agentless-kubernetes-costs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: [GKE Autopilot][105] is only supported as an Agentless Kubernetes setup that is subject to [limitations](#agentless-kubernetes-costs).
```
